# COMMERCIAL LICENCE AGREEMENT – LinguaQuiz

Version 2 (May 3, 2025)

This Agreement is between **Nikolay Eremeev** ("Licensor") and the entity accepting it ("Licensee").

## 0. DEFINITIONS

"**Software**" – the source code, binaries and documentation for LinguaQuiz supplied under this
Agreement or an Order Form.  
"**Derivative Work**" – any work based on or incorporating the Software created by or for
Licensee.  
"**Order Form**" – a document (including an online checkout) specifying scope of use, fees and
support terms, incorporated by reference.

## 1. GRANT OF RIGHTS

Upon full payment of the applicable Licence Fee (Section 6) and subject to this Agreement, Licensor
grants Licensee a non-exclusive, perpetual (subject to Section 9), worldwide licence to  
(a) install and use the Software for Licensee's internal business purposes;  
(b) create Derivative Works; and  
(c) distribute the Software or Derivative Works **in object-code form only**, as integrated into
Licensee's own products or services ("Licensee Products").

## 2. RESTRICTIONS

Licensee shall not  
(i) disclose or distribute Software source code except to contractors bound by written
confidentiality obligations at least as protective as this Agreement;  
(ii) sublicense, rent or lease the Software, except as permitted in Section 1;  
(iii) remove proprietary notices;  
(iv) reverse-engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software except to the extent allowed by § 69e
UrhG;  
(v) use the Software in violation of applicable law, including export-control laws of Germany, the
EU and the United States; or  
(vi) distribute the Software on a stand-alone basis or in competition with Licensor.

## 3. AUDIT & REPORTING (privacy-safe)

On 30 days' written notice, not more than once per 12-month period, Licensor may require Licensee to
certify compliance with scope limitations. If reasonable evidence is insufficient, Licensee shall
permit an independent, GDPR-compliant auditor, bound by confidentiality, to examine relevant records
during normal business hours. Licensor bears audit costs unless under-payment exceeds 5% of fees due
for the audited period, in which case Licensee reimburses reasonable audit costs. Licensee may
redact personal data.

## 4. MAINTENANCE & SUPPORT

The licence is perpetual to the version(s) listed in the Order Form. Updates and support require a
separate, paid Maintenance & Support subscription, unless expressly included.

## 5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY & INDEMNITY

**(a) Ownership:** Licensor retains all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual
property rights, in and to the Software. Licensee obtains only the license rights expressly granted
herein.

**(b) Licensor Indemnity:** Licensor will defend Licensee against any third-party claim, suit, or
proceeding alleging that the _unmodified_ Software, as delivered by Licensor and used in accordance
with this Agreement, directly infringes such third party's patent or copyright ("Claim"). Licensor
will pay resulting costs, damages, and reasonable attorney's fees finally awarded against Licensee
by a court of competent jurisdiction or agreed to in settlement by Licensor for such Claim, provided
Licensee: (i) promptly notifies Licensor in writing of the Claim; (ii) grants Licensor sole control
of the defense and settlement of the Claim; and (iii) provides Licensor with all reasonable
assistance, information, and authority necessary to defend or settle the Claim, at Licensor's
expense.

**(c) Licensee Indemnity:** Licensee will defend and indemnify Licensor against any third-party
claim arising from Licensee's misuse of Licensor's trademarks or from modifications to the Software
made by anyone other than Licensor.

**(d) Exclusions:** Licensor has no obligation under Section 5(b) for Claims arising from: (i)
modification of the Software by anyone other than Licensor; (ii) combination of the Software with
other products, services, or data not provided by Licensor, if the infringement would not have
occurred but for such combination; (iii) use of a version of the Software other than the most
current version made available to Licensee, if the infringement could have been avoided by using the
current version; or (iv) any use of the Software not in accordance with this Agreement.

**(e) Mitigation:** If the Software becomes, or in Licensor's opinion is likely to become, the
subject of an infringement claim, Licensor may, at its option and expense: (i) procure for Licensee
the right to continue using the Software; (ii) replace or modify the Software to be non-infringing;
or (iii) if neither (i) nor (ii) is reasonably practicable, terminate the license for the infringing
Software and refund a pro-rata portion of the prepaid license fees attributable to the remainder of
the then-current support term (if any).

**(f) Sole Remedy:** THIS SECTION 5 STATES LICENSOR'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS.

## 6. LICENCE FEE & PAYMENT

The License Fee, payment terms, and the specific scope of the license granted (e.g., per-developer
seat, per-deployment instance, revenue tier, specific features/modules) are defined in the
applicable Order Form mutually agreed upon by the parties. All fees are non-refundable except as
expressly stated otherwise herein. Fees are exclusive of VAT. Late payments accrue interest at the
statutory German commercial rate (§ 288 II BGB). Contact lingua-quiz@nikolay-eremeev.com for current
pricing information.

## 7. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS". TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. LICENSOR DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. Nothing herein limits
statutory rights of consumers under §§ 327 et seq. BGB where applicable.

## 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES PAID OR PAYABLE BY
LICENSEE TO LICENSOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT
GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, OR BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT EXCLUDES OR LIMITS LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR
PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED BY LAW.

## 9. TERMINATION

**(a) Term:** This Agreement commences upon acceptance by Licensee and continues perpetually unless
terminated earlier as provided herein.

**(b) Termination for Cause:** Either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if the
other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days
following receipt of written notice specifying the breach.

**(c) Effect of Termination:** Upon termination or expiration, all license rights granted to
Licensee shall cease immediately, and Licensee must cease all use of the Software and destroy or
return all copies in its possession.

**(d) Survival:** Sections 2 (Restrictions), 3 (Audit & Reporting), 5 (Intellectual Property &
Indemnity), 6 (regarding payments due), 7 (Warranty Disclaimer), 8 (Limitation of Liability), 9(d)
(Survival), and 10 (General Provisions) shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

## 10. GENERAL PROVISIONS

**(a) Governing Law; Venue:** This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of Germany, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. The parties agree that the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this
Agreement. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be
in the courts of Berlin, Germany.

**(b) Entire Agreement:** This Agreement, including any referenced Order Forms, constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, representations, and communications, whether oral or
written.

**(c) Amendments:** No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and signed by authorized representatives of both parties. Written form requirements are met
by satisfaction of § 126 BGB.

**(d) Assignment:** Licensee may not assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise, without Licensor's prior written consent. Any attempted assignment
without such consent will be void. Licensor may assign this Agreement without consent.

**(e) Severability:** If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and
effect.

**(f) Notices:** All notices required under this Agreement must be in writing and sent to the
addresses specified in the Order Form or such other address as designated in writing by the party.
Notices may be delivered personally, by email (with confirmation of receipt), by certified mail
(return receipt requested), or by reputable overnight courier. Notices are deemed given upon
personal delivery, upon email confirmation of receipt, upon confirmation of receipt if sent by
certified mail, or upon confirmation of delivery if sent by overnight courier.

**(g) Force Majeure:** Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform its
obligations hereunder (except payment obligations) due to causes beyond its reasonable control.

**(h) No Waiver:** The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not
constitute a waiver of such provision or the right to enforce it at a later time.

**(i) Export Control:** Licensee shall comply with all applicable export laws and regulations and
shall not export or re-export the Software to embargoed jurisdictions or prohibited parties.

---

For licensing inquiries, please contact: lingua-quiz@nikolay-eremeev.com
